fix!(doc): binary independence on fish plugin note (#10)
paldepind/projectdo: README.md

With the above `t` will expand to `cargo test`, `p` will expand to `cargo`,
etc. depending on the project.

> _Note that you have to have the binary in your path in order for the fish plugin to work!_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note that you need to have the script in your path in order for the Fish plugin to work!_
```

I changed "binary" as it's a plaintext script and not an actual binary.

Author: Yeah! You're right. "have to have" is also clumsy. Not a native. Sorry for that.
